Drunvalo Melchizedek has been educating people around
the world for a couple of decades about the nature
of geometry as universal principals that support life
here on earth and elsewhere.
He did this through his Flower of Life workshops.
Today, Drunvalo has been called by indigenous elders
from around the world, to help them get their true
messages out to the world, regarding this profound
period of time.
They believe it's important that people understand
that we can change the outcome for ourselves through
our own consciousness.
So this time you're off on a real adventure,
and this is an adventure that took place over 25 years
or so in your newest book "Serpent of Light",
and obviously you're not going to slow down for a long time
now because you've stirred a lot of energy up by actually
revealing some of the events that you went through,
the initiations throughout the planet.
I would like to talk about that book and then move it
forward into what we're looking at in the very near future.
So, can we talk a little bit about, I wanna know why
you decided to finally reveal all of the things you've
been through around the world with these earth rituals
with indigenous people.
Almost no one has had the invite you've had into
the indigenous circles.
Well, it really was my publisher because when they
looked at everything that was possible,
there's lots of books that are possible.
That one is so pertinent to this moment, to right now
that they were the one's that asked me to do that.
At first I felt a little funny about that you know
because it was very personal,
and then they talked me into it and I said okay,
well alright.
But now that it's done it is, it's changing.
The indigenous people have been reading this book
and so they're responding to it and they're responding
very positively but with more energy than I've ever
seen before.
And so, this is...
What's happened since that book has been,
the manuscript has been turned in,
it was actually turned in, in June of 2007,
in July of 2007 before it was even published,
it started to speed up and so it's good,
it's a good thing.
I mean all this, what happens in those worlds,
are crucial to what happens in our worlds and people
don't really understand that.
You know I like to give a little...
I don't know what you call it.
A little story to try to explain why the indigenous world
is so important.
Please.
Because most of the people just say, oh they're just
primitive people and they don't know anything
and it's obsolete and it doesn't have any effect on this
new technological world.
But, that's not what we see in the sacred geometrical
world, which is the world that is underlying everything
that we are in.
Underneath our world is a geometrical patterns
and when you go into the carbon based life forms
and the geometry behind that, there's something there
that's very clear.
That is when a biological life form expands into
a higher level of consciousness.
They can't do it unless they're connected to the past,
and you can see it in plant growth.
The plants very often use the Fibonacci sequence
which is zero, one, one, two, three, five, eight,
13, 21, 34, 55 it goes on and on.
But what it really is, if you just take three simple
numbers like three, five and eight, it's just that
five adds to three and makes eight.
And so the plant sitting at five...
That's how many of them grow their leaves.
They'll start out with one leaf then one, then two,
then three, then five, then eight.
And so the plant doesn't know where it's going,
it's sitting at five leaves and it looks back at where
it's last growth was, was three,
which is kind of obsolete it's past that.
But then it adds it together and then it knows where
to go which is eight.
The symbolism is exactly the same in human consciousness.
If we do not connect with our ancient past,
it's the memories, it's the wisdom of everything
that happened.
And we don't add that to our present day technological
expansion.
We'll be lost, we won't have any idea where we're going,
and we won't be able to survive this.
Where it's clear, we haven't added that in there,
and we're killing our planet,
and we're killing it fast.
But if we were to add that wisdom of understanding
like the concept of seven generations of never doing
anything that would affect seven generations down
the line, if we understood these kinds of things
and they were incorporated into our way now,
then we would be, we would know where we're going.
We would know what do to and we would expand
in a conscious way that would be safe and usable.
That's very true.
One interview we did was really surprisingly refreshing.
It was with a man named Shlomo Shoham
who had been in the Israeli parliament,
and he at that time had an oversight committee,
and now he since retired from the position and it
was staffed by a lot of young legal beagles.
And the whole purpose of it was to evaluate every piece
of legislation it had to pass through them as to
it's affect to seven generations out.
Which is the first time I've actually seen that employed
in the modern world.
But this is something that is intrinsic to the indigenous
cultures.
And so this is part of a Rupert Sheldrake
morphogenetic fields it's all building on the past.
Yes it is,
and we as a planet right now are ignoring it,
in fact we're trying to.
It's like genocide, we're trying to get rid of it.
If we were to get rid of it, our life would be over,
we would never make it.
From my point of seeing it, we would never be able
to make the expansion into the next level of consciousness.
It's true and it seems as though we're
almost on a drunken binge of last minute consumption
from every level.
Trying to stave off the inevitable, which is responsibilty
for what we shall inherit in the future.
Yeah I mean, you know we thought this wasn't
gonna happen for a long time.
Technological world thought, it wasn't gonna happen
until we reached about 12 to 14 billion people in the world
and it's not true, it's happening in half that number.
Oil just went over 123 dollars a barrel and the consequences
of where this is leading is huge.
It's absolutely huge,
and it wouldn't have to be this way if we had just
lived our lives a little differently.
Right now the indigenous people are basically using
me to get out to the world, to try to get their
understanding out because they realize it's crucial
even in the Hopi Prophecy they knew they had to go
to the United Nations and tell them these things,
which they did.
But it hasn't changed anything.
Can we talk about the book?
Just kind of skim through it because it's too much
to cover in this interview and get on to the next.
The purpose for writing it the way you did,
which I thought was brilliant of your publishers
to suggest that you go really personal on it,
and it's fun.
It's a fun exciting inspirational journey.
So can you give us a little hopscotch through
what originally happened that called you into contact
with the indigenous people and pick up a starting place.
Oh well that's easy.
My last life, I remember every minute of it, every word
that was spoken, every action that took place.
I was born to the Taos Pueblo and so when right before
I died in the Taos Pueblo, they left me a long list.
If I wrote it out it would be a couple pages long
of things that I had to do when I got here in this body,
and I've been back to them.
This wasn't even in this book there.
I went back to them, they acknowledged all this,
they knew my name which was Jionni,
they knew everything about me.
They told me our whole stories and I already knew it.
And I had to begin with that list and it took me 14 years
of going through that list of getting every single thing
done, but one.
There's one last thing, which won't happen until
the very end.
Can we start more toward the top of the list?
No, those are personal to the tribe.
I mean I even had to bury certain people in the ground
and things.
There were a lot that they knew...
This was back in the 1890's when this list was made.
Oh I see.
And so they knew everything that was coming up
in the future.
But part of that was is that I was to assist other
indigenous tribes around the world at this time,
and so, I kind of don't have a choice.
I have to do this because it's my dharma, it's what
I have to do in my life.
I just have to stay in the certain vibration that they've
taught me.
As long as I do, the tribes will accept that.
But the calls came in unusual
and unexpected ways to you and then you set out.
You listened, you bought the airline tickets and you
showed up.
Yeah.
That's still going on now, now that it's accelerated more.
But the story that's behind there, the movement of
the Kundalini from Tibet to Chile, and the completion
of the grid around the earth.
A lot of people have not talked about the Kundalini
because that was kept very secret.
But the grid that's around the earth, that's in books
and a lot of people are aware of that thing.
By the way that was born into the world on
January 20...
The day of the eclipse I think it was...
I have to go check, it was either the 24th, 5th or 6th.
I don't remember, of this year.
Of this year yeah.
And so the conception of that grid was 13,200 years
to the conception of it and the birth took about a month.
It was between the lunar eclipse in January where
the shadow went right over the Polynesian mountains
and there we were in Moriya when this took place
with all the elders there.
When the final edge of the birth was here in Sedona
where the shadow went right over Sedona,
and the grid is now alive and conscious.
This changes everything.
Let's talk about that, what that means.
What the implications are.
Well it's as big as you can get just about.
The Kundalini had to move first and it moved
and it was in place in Chile by sometime in 2002.
It got passed Panama in 2001 but it moved all over
South America and finally settled.
That's where those 112 tribes are sitting there in a circle,
which they're still there right now.
They're holding that space 'cause to them it's
the most sacred thing in thousands and thousands of years.
Lets back up a bit before the grid and talk
about the Kundalini having been present in Tibet
and what that has meant throughout history and now
what it means to have moved halfway around the world.
Well when it moved into Tibet which was 13,000 years ago,
and the Naacals out of which was the high priesthood
out of Atlantis.
A part of them went there.
The other part of them by the way,
went into the Caribbean along with the Mayans
and went to a little area which is now called Santa Marta
in Colombia.
Those people are called Kogi, Arhuacos, Wiwas
and Kankuamos.
But they are the original Naacals out of Atlantis
and they told me so, eyeball to eyeball--
This is found fascinating.
That they are.
The head of the Mayan Don Alejandro has also told
me face to face that they are also from there,
from Atlantis and so are the Hopi,
and they've said the same thing.
And so the history is about to be presented in a new light
of who they are and where they came from,
and they're all linked together.
Right.
And they're about to all come together and meet
for the first time ever.
Well not ever they did meet in Guatemala but not
in a meeting where they actually discuss how they would
function together.
Okay, there's another stream.
We'll go there in a little bit.
There's a lot of them.
Okay so Tibet, 13,000 years ago--
By the time the Samirians started which we consider
the beginning of modern day culture, about six thousand
years ago.
The Naacals has already been into western Tibet
and built the pyramid and were sitting there waiting
for the rest of us to come along and using that energy
to enlighten themselves with.
And then they eventually became the Tibetans,
or what we call the Tibetans.
And sure there was influxes from India and other places
but the original group was still there.
And they held the knowledge for a long time.
They held the knowledge of what was prior to their,
of our history.
At which our entire human history is a little over
200,000 years.
200,000, 200 and something years long when we were born.
That was coming from Africa though Gondwanaland
to Lemuria over to Atlantis and then to this present
world that we're in now.
So now with the Kundalini center,
with that energy moving from Tibet.
How does this play into the fact of all of the tragedies
that have been following the Tibetan people?
It's linked.
This is what we were hinting at in the book.
When the Kundalini began to move, even before then,
the Pachamala in China began to try to break that apart
because from a real deep level, it now needs to be stopped
and started in a new way.
And so, even in India right now, if you were to do
little research, you'll find out that almost all
ashrams are being attacked over there right now.
They're trying to split them apart and break them apart.
Some of it's coming from government, some of it's
coming from other levels,
and so there is an attack on that whole spiritual region.
Even in China, you got the Chinese now going after
the Daoist and Qigong masters and everything else
trying to stop them.
So is this a natural side affect of
that energy having moved or what is this?
It does appear that way, lets put it that way.
It does appear as though there is a deep resistance
to stop all that over there.
On the other side of the world in Chile and Boliva
and Peru and surrounding countries around there,
it's a whole different side of it.
The people now are promoting it, promoting spirituality
and helping it.
Shamans in like Peru,
even 10 years ago, definitely 15 years ago,
they had to be secretive.
They had to be very careful because the people wouldn't
allow them to be who they were.
And that's all, that's gone now.
They have complete support of everyone that they're
told to really go for.
So as fast as it's closing down in Tibet
and India, it's opening there.
It's completely opening there.
Okay so with that movement that really
was given birth to as you say in late January of this year,
the final formation.
Lets talk about what that means when the grid has been
fully formed again.
Well now that it's been fully formed and birthed,
it's human consciousness and it went through conception,
it went through birth and now it is a baby,
and it is living thing.
It's a living field that's around the earth.
What this means is that people that have been trying
to do their work and their dharma whatever it is,
whatever they're trying to do whatever it is,
there's been a certain resistance to it because things
weren't completed.
Now they're completed, we might as well be
on a different planet because everything is going
to accelerate spiritually very fast.
It's gonna just keep going up and up and it's not
gonna stop.
There's nothing to stop it.
The governments have tried to stop it, they've done
all kinds of things to try to stop it before it was birthed,
they tried to kill it.
They tried to kill this living thing, that's what they
were doing in the French Polynesian some years back,
were blowing neutron bombs up in the ocean there.
They were actually blowing them up right in the axis
in the grid itself, hoping it would destroy the grid.
But as they found out, now she just got stronger
and more powerful.
Now it's happening and now the world has not just
an opportunity, it is an opportunity.
But people that are focusing on spiritual life,
on their breath and their connection to all life everywhere.
Every time they try to do something in the world,
it's just gonna be supported by the world.
It's gonna get stronger and easier and that side of life
is just gonna keep growing until it's actually stronger,
way stronger than the governments and the religions
and everything else that we have developed before.
Well this is good.
This is very good.
Lets talk about that and talk about what the Mayan
and what Hopi and some of the other indigenous people
you've been meeting with through the years, have to say
about this transition period over the next year or two.
And I just wanna add something going back,
for those people who have not yet read the book,
that this adventure of yours, as I put it, it's actually
a spiritual odyssey that really took you to indigenous
regions around the world not even knowing with groups
of people gathering what you were there for unitl
you got there often.
And then the people would show up exactly as told,
and then the ceremony and the purpose of your being there
would be revealed.
I mean, what a beautiful job of listening you did.
Well really I'm just being used and that's okay.
I mean that's what my purpose is as...
I understand that and they understand it.
I'm not trying to become part of their tribes or anything
else like those.
Sometimes they initiate me into their tribes but,
I know what I am, I'm a white man, I'm here I'm doing this
but I'm not...
It simply just is what happened.
It isn't even really intended to be a story,
it's just intended to let people understand what is
happening in the world and that there are very positive
things that are going on.
Yes and you're really ushering it in.
You were ushering it in one step of the way year after year.
Well, I don't think of it as me doing it it's--
The beings working with you.
It's mother earth and she selects certain people
to do certain things and that could change tomorrow.
I understand that.
It's fine.
Well bringing us then to today and that's
all I'm going to say about that because everybody
can pick up a copy and see what has already been laid
into place and then it becomes very clear by the end
of this book, what we're preparing for.
But you've been given information by the indigenous
elders and it has to do with what comes the next year
to two years.
It's not 2012 it's not even that far out.
Can you begin sharing with us, because the viewers
that are watching you right now, all of us are choosing
to be part of the solution and choosing to
prepare ourselves.
Yeah that's good.
Sure of course.
Okay that book was submitted to the publisher
in June of 2007, in July of 2007, the head of the Mayan
nation came here to Sedona and asked to have a meeting.
Let me explain a little bit who he is.
The Mayans live in three countries, Mexico, Belize
and Guatemala.
There are 440 tribes, each one of those tribes has
an elected elder who represents them and those 440 elders
make up a council, which is the Mayan Council.
Then they elect one of them to be their president
of their head of their council and that is the person
of Don Alejandro Cirilo, and he is a 13th generation
Mayan shaman and priest.
It's been in his family for a very, very long time,
and he represents Mayan thought and understading
very well.
I could see why they selected him, he's a clear person
on those levels.
And so he came here with his wife Elizabeth and they asked
for a meeting so we had a meeting,
and I had no idea what he wanted.
He said that first of all, talking about everything that
has been written about them from all over the world,
all the things that we know the Mayan calendar included,
and everything from Jose Arguelles and many universities
and even governments have written stuff and all kinds
of researches and people.
But not one word has come from them,
they haven't officially written one word in 526 years.
So everything, even their history that the history books say
they don't agree with it.
They don't agree with hardly any of it.
They say no, that's other people's ideas but that's not
what we say.
So he came here and said that their intention is,
is to rewrite their history and their knowledge
and everything that is known about them.
But they said that in their calendar, it states that
when they do this, the world will be watching.
What they asked us to do, and I say us because it's not me
but it's also another indigenous 501C3 that we work
through which is called ICA,
International Cultural Awareness, there's people there
Adam Yellowbird and Carmen and then a lot of my people
were there.
We were are working together for this,
and they wanted us to bring 60 people from every continent
in the world, from all over the whole world that would
do the ceremonies with them that would begin
the whole thing, and then to sit in a room and watch
them as they started redoing their history
and their knowledge and that's what we did.
We started with zero.
Amazing.
The glyph for zero, that's all been written out.
But they were actually saying no this means that,
this means this.
And redefining what zero means from a Mayan point of view,
and then they went to the number one, and we watched
for many hours, about one say basically as they started
the process.
This process is gonna go one, to maybe even two years
as they redo that,
and then there's more to it.
That's the mental side, the other side of it is
the crystal skull ceremony that'll be coming up here
in September.
This is being headed I think by Hunbatz Men in Mexico
and that ceremony it's incredible.
We talked about it in there how the grandmothers
create these crystals and the people going in them
and they hold the knowledge and wisdom and the understanding
of a certain period.
Well there's 13 of them from the beginning all the way
up until now.
All 13 of those crystals which have been shown to me,
they already have them.
Or those crystal skulls are alive, they have living
beings in them and when that ceremony is done
then there will be elders that come and remember
everything, everything will be transmitted to them.
So they're gonna take all that ancient knowledge
and overlay it with their intellectual knowledge
of what they're doing to come up with who they are
and what their purpose is at this time.
And they know what's about to happen.
So he asked us to do that and then also when they're
done they're gonna write this into a book.
I don't know what it's gonna be called but it's all
around this time of 2012, December 21st 2012.
They will write their knowledge and their message to
the world about this period of time into a book,
and then all 440 elders are gonna sign this so that
the world knows that this is the real thing not just
somebody making this up somewhere.
It's gonna take a lot of pages just in that I guess.
He wanted us to come right away, so it was in November
when we left and went down there with these people
and we find out then that the Mayans had tried this
twice before with two other groups,
and then right in the middle of it had to stop it
and said no, this is not...
You're not the people we thought.
But it went beyond what they thought with our group.
These people though they are from all kinds of races
and Japanese and Black and White and green
and everything else and from everywhere they were
exactly who they thought they were.
So we began with a ceremony that hadn't been performed
really for 13,000 years in Lake Atitlan in Guatemala
and then we went to Tikal and then we went inside
the earth to a secret place.
This is somewhere no one knows and I can't give you
the name but it is the place where they were born from
and I can't tell you everything right now 'cause
I have to get permission before I go too much further.
I understand.
But we did a ceremony in there and what we understand
now is they were waiting to see certain signs that would
happen in that cave, and they all happened evidently
'cause he then took us deeper into the cave to what
the Hopi call the Sipapu, the place of emergence
and I don't think white man is probably ever
or industrialized man be better to say,
has ever experienced what took place in there
at that time, that was amazing.
So now we are in an agreement with them to support
them as all these writings come together and everything.
We're trying to...
The Mayans have no money and they have not even any
buildings.
When they get meetings together with their elders,
they have to meet in like hotels and things.
And it's expensive.
Yeah.
And so we're trying to get them a cultural center
where they can combine everything and do this
and that's one of the things I'm working on now.
I think I might have it, I don't know yet.
Which country would that be in?
In Guatemala.
Okay.
And just to show you how things are changing so much,
since we had that and the new president of Guatemala
came in.
The new president of Guatemala was Don Alejandro's student,
and he's part Mayan.
And for the first time ever in Guatemala,
Don Alejandro has a position in the government itself
so that he can talk.
He actually went on national television and for
the first time ever, began to talk to the Guatemalan people,
and this has never even been allowed before.
All the resistance has fallen away.
Yeah completely--
Just what you were talking about earlier.
It is, everywhere.
Major indication.
Yeah it's really good.
So that is still going on now, they're in the midst
of all of that and we're waiting for that.
Now what he did say was,
that this date of December 21st 2012 is almost
for certain not the time when the change will take place.
Even though everybody says on that day,
the head of the Mayans say no we don't think so.
It's a window of time and in June he said the windows
about to open really soon and we're not exactly sure
it depends on certain factors and it will close
at a certain time.
But it's about a seven year long window.
One of the people that we invited through the ICA here
to come along with us was one of the elders from
the Hopi tribe.
This is Grandfather Eric, and he is the last living memeber
of the Blue Bird Clan and that clan was the historians
of the Hopi tribe.
They were the one's that write down and record everything
that takes place in there.
They put it into songs, all kinds of ways that they record
their information.
So I'm sitting on the bus with him and he's telling
me the same thing that the Mayans are telling me.
He says, almost everything you've heard about us
is not from us, it's from other people.
They say we came across Bering Strait and came down
through there.
That's what histories and archaeologists say.
But he says, we know that's not true.
Where we came from was Guatemala and we used
to be Mayan and the Mayans knew that.
But there was a time a long time ago where the decision
was made that a group of the Mayans would head north
and would then find a new place.
That's the Hopi.
Grandfather Martin who is the one who now holds
the Hopi Prophecy and Grandfather Don Alejandro
have exchanged their prophecies and they claim
they're identical.
There's no difference at all.
They are the same prophecy.
What happened in all of that which was pretty interesting
was if you remember, I think it was October 26th,
when the comet came through,
Comet Holmes, was it holmes, I think.
Don't remember the name.
Holmes, Homer...
Holmes I think it was.
And on that day I believe it was October 26th of 2007
it blew up and formed this huge blue sphere of light
in the sky that very rapidly became the biggest thing
in the solar system.
It was actually larger than the sun.
And he's saying on the bus, Grandfather Eric and he's asking
me, you think that's the Hopi Prophecy.
Because you see the Hopi, 200 years ago
gave a prophecy about this time that a blue star would
appear in the sky and it would become the beginning
of this window that the Mayans talk about.
So when he got back the council met and they all met
and they've now agreed that this is the Hopi Prophecy,
the blue star.
And the Mayans have now linked back and say okay,
so October 24th, 26th, it could be the 4th or the 6th
but I think it's the 26th.
From that day is the beginning of the window which
the Mayans call the end of time and it goes for
till about 2015 or so.
So what the Mayans are saying is that inside this window
which we are now inside of, will come these changes
that they are about to prophesize and I know what part
of that is.
They are going to prophesize that there will be
a pole shift.
A physical pole shift, not just a magnetic pole shift,
but a physical pole shift.
And that's a pretty interesting thing.
The whole sequence that's happening around this
in the world right now is interesting.
Whenever there's a pole shift, there's always a magnetic
pole shift that happens right prior to it.
This has been recorded going back a long time.
They've actually only proven this that I'm aware of,
for the last two times.
But it is a common belief,
and the scientists of the world have been watching
how for 2,000 years the magnetic field
of the earth has been dropping, then 500 years ago
it started dropping more and then about 40 years ago,
the anomalies became great, so great that things were
moving all over the place.
About 15 years ago they had to change the maps of
the airports because they were so inconsistent,
and now every time they land an airplane they have
to check immediately before to see if north is really north.
Right.
Otherwise they'll land out in the field.
But about a year and a half ago you had the world
scientists for 11 days say that the anomalies were
so great that they expect the poles to shift
north to south and that doesn't happen too often.
That's something that happens...
I don't really know the statistics but lets say at least
every 50 million years or so,
and that's pretty rare.
North to south, south to north.
And the said best we can tell sometime between now
and the next 25 years,
and then they were cut off by the governments of
the world, they couldn't talk.
Then about six months ago they got out for five days
before they come them off and they said,
it's way worse than we ever thought,
it's gonna happen any minute.
And that's about all they could get out before
the government shut them down and wouldn't
let them talk anymore.
Lets talk about the link then.
What happens after the magnetic shift?
Well when the magnetic poles shift,
scientifically that means that almost for sure you're gonna
have a physical pole shift directly after that very soon,
and that is what the Mayans and the Hopi are predicting.
I can't say the Hopi yet because they haven't physically
announced it, but the Mayans have physically announced it.
They came here and they announced it here to this city
that this is what was gonna happen.
We can go back 13,000 years go that the other end
of the precession of the equinoxes that I speak
about it there.
There was a pole shift and a magnetic pole shift.
The magnetic poles went all the way to Hawaii
and then moved around and eventually came back
to where they are now and the physical pole they believe,
was in Hudson Bay and moved from where it is up to
where it is there; and that's the best they can determine
at this moment.
Then if you back 26,000 years,
which is exactly where we are right now,
or we will be precisely on December 21st 2012;
that'll be the other end of that cycle.
There was another pole shift and another magnetic
pole shift.
And so we know that there's been two in a row here.
Now from the study, which we have looked at that data
of pole shifts, we've gone back 250 million years.
When you go back through that and look it,
you'll see that the poles will shift and when they do
there's usually about 15 of them in a row,
and then it doesn't shift for maybe millions of years,
and then it'll do it again.
Based on that science would predict that there would be one
right now.
If it did one, two and three it's probably gonna keep
going for a while.
And that is exactly what the world scientists have
just predicted on the History Channel.
They just predicted that we think, they said this
just about a month ago.
That the earth is probably going to go through a pole shift,
a physical pole shift very, very soon.
Lets talk about since the indigenous elders
have talked about this process, what is the process?
What does this mean?
Well what we know also scientifically by the study
of this, what the world knows is that when it does happen
it's like the crack of a whip, it's less than one day.
You wake up one morning and everything's normal
and by the time the next morning the entire geography
of the entire world has been changed.
So the length of time is about 20 hours.
It's a very fast thing.
The last two times there were no civilization
like building and structures all over the world.
But really I think most scientists would agree with me
that if there was a pole shift, that probably hardly
any buildings on the planet would be left standing.
I doubt it, I can't imagine how they would.
Maybe the great pyramid might and things like this,
but not these kind of buildings made out of sticks
and stones.
These big high towers, no they're just gonna fall over.
I mean forget about one to ten on your earthquake
rector scale, this would be like a 20 or something.
This is when whole mountains go up and down
and continents break off in pieces and everything else.
It really does change everything.
This was even predicted by Edgar Cayce if you remember
way back in the 30's he predicted this would happen.
Yes,
and we're seeing all this anomalous earthquake activity
right now.
The earthquake activity as of about seven or eight
years ago was over 500% over normal.
From what is normally is.
Not just earthquake but everything, all the various
natural phenomenon.
That data came of Russia 'cause they were recording,
measuring this very carefully.
I wonder what they would say now,
'cause it's getting worse.
It's gone up it's not going down, it's going up
higher and higher and higher.
But this is what the Mayans said to me that they want
to say to you.
Yes, we're gonna go through this but they were there
in Atlantis 13,000 years ago when this happened
and they remember what happened,
and they were also there 26,000 years ago
when we went through it.
So they've been through two of these,
and they know what we're about to go through.
So what they're trying to do it's really,
it's compassion for the world because they know
what we're about to go through,
and it isn't so much that they wanna predict it's
gonna happen.
It's they want to give us their wisdom as what to do
when it happens.
Because they said in the last time millions and millions
and millions of people died all over the world.
Just because they didn't know a few simple things.
Can you share those simple things?
No I can't.
I know a little bit about it but I don't know enough
and they're gonna put it into their book.
Okay.
But what it is,
is there's certain things that we need to change
within ourselves at which point if we do that,
we can, not only won't die, we will go up in awareness
and consciousness.
So they're doing it for themselves, there's no doubt.
They're doing it for their own people so that they're
prepared but they're also doing it for the world
so the world, well at least those who want to listen.
You can't force anybody to listen but for those that wanna
listen there's some changes you can make inside yourself
that will completely change the outcome of what happens
during those times.
And we should be starting to access some
of this information intuitively.
We are, as a planet we are.
I think they just wanna really define it clearly.
A few people are in the world with six and a half billion
you're talking about maybe less than 100 million
are actually interested enough to make these kind
of changes.
I understand.
In fact one of the things I find a little concerning
is not surprisingly, during this period of time
there's a plethora of production that's taking place
right now.
A lot of it really trying to squeeze the emotional bodies
via disinformation and shock films about 2012
and so on and so forth.
Yeah there's about 30 books being written too
about this.
What is your perception of that?
Because it seems to me it's just either it's someone
simply exploiting the subject or even more so,
it is an effort to start creating a fear scenario which
changes they way we are able to respond.
The Mayans definitely are not interested in creating
the fear, they want us to overcome our fear
and become calm and balanced during these times
of what's about to happen.
It's true there are you know...
It's just human nature.
You put a date into the future like that and have certain
predictions that weren't even made really by the Mayans
but by other people and there's gonna be people
building up to this.
Most of these people probably won't have any idea what
they're really talking about, but there will be some
that do.
But it almost all focuses on the horror
except for a few conscious productions.
A lot of them.
But there are gonna be some, one of them that I think
is gonna be pretty interesting is Colin Andrew's
and what he comes up with because of the crop circle,
the Mayan crop circles that appeared and the calendars
and what happened and all of that.
Right.
Could you talk about that a bit?
Well I was deeply into crop circles for many, many years
and I haven't been following it a whole lot now.
I actually trust him because he's a totally honest person
and he's a great reporter.
Yeah I like him.
He's just a reporter, he's just telling it like it is.
I know that him and his wife are in the midst
of writing a book around 2012.
You know that's a book I would read.
But a lot of them I know it's gonna be exploitation
of just writing on the fear.
There's nothing we can do.
You just have to have a discrimination and you know.
Obviously if the Mayans come out they're all talking
about the Mayan date if the Mayans have their own book,
it's gonna kind of take over.
(chuckles) Over anybody else's.
If any sound of it prevails.
Yeah you'd read from the people that talked about this.
But I think that it's just in human nature.
It's just where we are right now.
You told me something off camera
and I don't know if you care to talk about it,
we can snip it out of you don't.
But you mentioned to me on the phone about a week ago
we were chatting before this interview.
That you had been told simply that if we understood
what awaits us, after the transition through,
that people would be jumping up and down with joy.
This is truly a time of great celebration.
Because we're been through the dark part of the cycle,
and now we're heading in the light part of the cycle.
As much as it will be a death of the old part of the cycle,
it is also simultaneously a birth of something that is just
super beautiful.
This is also what the Mayans wanna talk about,
I believe, at least they talk about it with me so I think
they'd wanna talk about it.
But this new era is a time, what they talk about
is our quarantine has lifted.
We have been locked on this little planet and we can't
move and we believe there's life out there and it looks
like life is all around us with all these UFO's
and everything.
But, we haven't made...
There's been very little direct connection.
There has been some but it's been very, very small.
But what they are saying is that when we pass through
this other level we become more than human,
far more than where we are now.
Our consciousness rises to another level of existence,
of which point we are no longer quarantined here.
We are able to move around the universe and begin
to understand the bigger family that we live in,
and live within.
So I imagine anyway that they will talk about this
and discuss this.
And even more though, I can only hint at it,
and that's all I can do because I have certain promises
that have been made to me that I can't really talk about it.
The Mayans and many, many tribes in South
and Central America and some in North America,
have decided to have a ceremony here in Arizona
in April of 2009 which is called the return of
the ancestors.
It's a ceremony that'll be done by over 100 tribes,
and as soon as that ceremony is done, then it is possible
for our ancestors to truly return,
and they expect it to happen.
Who they're talking about is the very people that
are discussed in Samarian records of the Nephilim
from Marduk and from the Syrians from the Star Syria's.
These are our mother and our father and according
to the indigenous people they are here and lots of them,
and they're in mountains right now.
The time in that same year they're predicting that
we will hold their hands and look into their eyes
and the transformation will begin.
I can't say much more than that,
and if it happens it happens.
I don't know.
They believe totally, it's gonna happen.
But I don't know how it's gonna happen,
I don't know if this is something that is a secret event
or if it is a public event.
I don't know that and I can't say,
at this point.
Any final thoughts in in terms of
your own wisdom, from everything you've learned
throughout your experience here, beyond what
the Maya have to say about this period.
Well I don't know if I have any wisdom about this period
in the sense of, I wasn't here and they have experience
in all of this.
I have no memory of ever writing out a pole shift before.
Right. (chuckles)
But in my training with the Kogi and the Arhuacos
and the Sierra Nevada people and the Aboriginals
in Australia and especially the Waitaha and the Maori
in New Zealand and other places.
What they talk about is that this is a return...
How do I put this.
During Atlantis 13,000 years ago and even in the Bible,
they talk about this fall that took place, that we dropped
in consciousness and all that was even though
there's books written about it and all kinds of levels
and all kinds of ways and everything else.
From purely indigenous people we just move
from our hear to our head.
Period.
It's that simple.
And now we're completely in our head and we've forgotten
our heart.
What happens in this shift is that we move back
from our head back to our heart,
and the only people that survive this according to these
people are the people that are in their hearts.
More than that all of them will survive.
Everyone in their heart will survive.
They say that mother earth knows the vibration
and though we think when chaos is going on
that it's just like a bunch of random events,
but from their point of view there's no random events
anywhere.
Everything is pure consciousness.
A rock cannot fall on a person,
by just a random event or something like that.
It is literally being controlled by earth's consciousness.
What they say is that if you are in your heart,
that is all that is necessary.
You don't need food and water and guns and hole
or any kind of protection or anything.
You can just stand naked in a field and you will be
absolutely fine, there will be no problems
and they believed this all over the world,
and I agree with them.
You can purchase a copy of "Serpent of Light"
from any good bookstore and also from our website.
Also Drunvalo's website contains a large amount
of information regarding the current times and upcoming
events of the elders.
You can find all of that at Spiritofmaat.com
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.